The stinky girls are going to nag again
I will put out the fire and kill you
Should I pay back the money?
100,000 with interest
Brother Tao, didn't we say 7 days?
Isn't it time yet?
Now you owe me money
When will I return it?
When the hell will it be returned?
This dog thing that kills a thousand knives
Haha, big brother.
I lost again recently.
You really have no money, you can observe me for a few more days.
What do you mean?
Are you trying to trick me into procrastinating?
No, not really.
Wait a minute.
The house was smashed for me.
All valuables were taken away
Got it, oh big brother
Oh, dear.
Can't smash, can't smash, can't smash, can't smash
Can't smash my house
You owe me a few more days
No money, right?
Let me give you an idea.
Your girl is pretty
Let her sleep with me for one night
I'll give you a few days off, hahaha, so fierce.
Brother Tao is just a little drama with his sister?
Yeah, our family is counting on him
Please raise your hand and let him go
He's getting married soon
Did I beg you to forgive me?
shut up
Or pay back
Or talk to me
Hahahahaha
Ah!
Hahaha, please save me!
Let's go
Go go go
Big brother and daughter-in-law are in good shape
Get angry and serve
Give you a break